README.md, before:

# Patient similarity backend

This repository contains the logic for the Federated Learning implementation 
through IDS for patient similarity with TNM data. 

The code in this repository needs the [Federated Learning Data App](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/data-apps/federated-learning) 
combined with a [TSG Core Container](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/core-container) to work. 

## Deployment

This Data App should be deployed via the [TSG Connector Helm Chart](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/helm-charts/connector), 
providing the following configuration for a worker:

```yaml 
containers:
  # ... Federated Learning data app config here
  - type: helper
    image: ghcr.io/maastrichtu-cds/ids-healthai-patient-similarity-py:latest 
    name: patient-similarity-backend
    command: ["python3"]
    args: ["federated_learning.py"]
    tty: true
    environment:
      - name: DATA_APP_URL
        value: http://{{ template "tsg-connector.fullname" . }}-federated-learning-http:8080
    services:
      - port: 8080
        name: http
        ingress:
          path: /tf/(.*)
          rewriteTarget: /$1
          clusterIssuer: letsencrypt
```

Change the `federated_learning.py` and `federated_learning_server.py` for the 
researcher configuration.

## Acknowledgments

This project was financially supported by the
[AiNed foundation](https://ained.nl/over-ained/).

Commit message:

Refactor and integrate kmeans and nn
This merges Aiara's kmeans implementation with Maarten's nn algorithm.

Code for both algorithms has been refactored and modified for fixes.

Querying global (server) status seems to still be broken, as in I'm
unable to get that request (GET /status) through the data-app. So I have
hackily modified '/model' for this purpose.

This is still obviously very much quick proof-of-concept.

README.md, after:

# Patient similarity backend

This repository contains the logic for the Federated Learning implementation 
through IDS for patient similarity with TNM data. Neural net training should also be possible :construction:.
Different algorithm to collect stastics should be feasible to implement. This is a proof-of-concept.

The code in this repository needs the [Federated Learning Data App](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/data-apps/federated-learning) 
combined with a [TSG Core Container](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/core-container) to work. 

## Deployment

This Data App should be deployed via the [TSG Connector Helm Chart](https://gitlab.com/tno-tsg/helm-charts/connector), 
providing the following configuration for a worker:

```yaml 
containers:
  # ... Federated Learning data app config here
  - type: helper
    image: ghcr.io/maastrichtu-cds/ids-healthai-patient-similarity-py:demo 
    name: patient-similarity-backend
    command: ["python3"]
    args: ["federated_learning.py"]
    tty: true
    environment:
      - name: DATA_APP_URL
        value: http://{{ template "tsg-connector.fullname" . }}-federated-learning-http:8080
    services:
      - port: 8080
        name: http
        ingress:
          path: /tf/(.*)
          rewriteTarget: /$1
          clusterIssuer: letsencrypt
```

Change the `federated_learning.py` and `federated_learning_server.py` for the 
researcher configuration.

## Acknowledgments

This project was financially supported by the
[AiNed foundation](https://ained.nl/over-ained/).
